README.md, before:

This is a mod for [Vintage Story](https://vintagestory.at) 1.18 and later.

Have you ever been so drunk that you started to sense the presence of buried halite domes within a ten meter radius of where you're standing? No? Install this mod and experience that feeling for yourself. The drunker you are, and the saltier your surroundings, the louder will be the sound of the "shikka shikka" in your ears. If you're standing right on top of the dome and sauced to your gills, it will be truly deafening!

(If you are hearing impaired, sorry. [Email me](mailto:solra@bizna.name), and I will get off my ass and make a version of this mod with a purely visual cue.)

# Legalese

DowsedInSalt is copyright 2023, Solra Bizna, and licensed under either of:

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the DowsedInSalt repository by you, as defined
in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Add another layer of attribution

README.md, after:

This is a mod for [Vintage Story](https://vintagestory.at) 1.18 and later.

Have you ever been so drunk that you started to sense the presence of buried halite domes within a ten meter radius of where you're standing? No? Install this mod and experience that feeling for yourself. The drunker you are, and the saltier your surroundings, the louder will be the sound of the "shikka shikka" in your ears. If you're standing right on top of the dome and sauced to your gills, it will be truly deafening!

(If you are hearing impaired, sorry. [Email me](mailto:solra@bizna.name), and I will get off my ass and make a version of this mod with a purely visual cue.)

# Legalese

DowsedInSalt is copyright 2023, Solra Bizna, and licensed under either of:

 * Apache License, Version 2.0
   ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or
   <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
 * MIT license
   ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or <http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the DowsedInSalt repository by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

The "shikka shikka" sound is provided by AdamsArchive of freesound.org, see [Sounds From My Apartment » salt and pepper shakers](https://freesound.org/people/AdamsArchive/sounds/379261/). It is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/). The only alteration Solra Bizna has performed was to encode it into Ogg Vorbis format.
